all right there stallion now what should
I call you I'm not really sure I'm not
very good at naming horses but I think I
will call 90 night Batman you have 30
seconds Batman what what the heck what's
going on Oh No Robin Robin Lucius Lucius
Oh No
where am I what's going on what's going
on Robin Robin give me out of here
Lucius creator oh no Batman I'll get you
out
oh come on Rhonda come on oh my gosh
help me help me
he said 30 seconds guys get back out of
here get back out of here oh my gosh oh
I don't know what's going on Oh
I'll defuse the bomb don't worry don't
worry about me I'm just gonna ride him
in a run Prabha do you have any milk you
have any milk huh Robin Robin Robin -
you have any milk hurry hurry
it's bad I have milk okay okay okay all
right I'm thinking of taking you to make
it oh my gosh we'll drinking it Lucius
how's that oh my gosh how's that bottle
of using going bud ah I think I got it
all here don't here Batman
oh my gosh what in the heck what the
heck happened okay let's get all this
TNT out of here
what in the heck guys so I was outside
and I don't even know Robin did you did
you even see anything no I was in the
basement oh my god Lucius what about you
well I I couldn't sworn I saw something
moving on the cameras but I don't know
Batman I didn't really see too much oh I
don't know what happened all sudden I
was just I was tending to that horse
oh no the horse the horse oh no he's
gone what are you talking about Batman
oh no what does it say riddle me this
riddle me that where would I go if I was
a bat hmm it must be the Riddler that's
right Robin what does it mean
uh I don't I don't know it's the
Riddler's words okay so riddle me this
riddle me that
there
I go if I was a bat so he must be up to
something I don't know what but why
didn't he I guess he tried to take me
out but this is just some sort of game
to him we could have gotten seriously
hurt I could have been killed
oh my gosh all right I think I think I
think I gotta figure out riddle me this
but only that so it's obviously a riddle
where would you go if you were a bet so
if I was a bat I am a bat I'm Batman I
would go to my guys we gotta go to the
Batcave now hurry hurry into the Batcave
oh no not the Batcave
how about Lucius we gotta go we gotta go
we gotta go okay wait okay we're in the
Batcave hold on hold on nothing seems
out of the ordinary I don't think
there's anything going on hmm
nothing out of the ordinary here uh-oh
oh no no no Lucius Lucius go go go TNT
oh no don't leave me Batman whoa oh oh
my gosh oh my gosh
Oh Oh No Lucius Lucius why are you
Lucius Lucius oh I'm right here Batman
don't you worry
holy crap that was a gigantic explosion
what in the heck oh my gosh how did you
survive well I was in the water when you
push me in the water I guess I just
didn't get hurt by the TNT oh my
goodness that was way too close her call
sorry I smacked you there buddy oh no
problem Batman you saved my life okay
well okay that doesn't answer the
question so the Riddler's still loose
and where's Robin Batman Oh
oh is that him Robin is that you on top
of the Manor Batman hurry the Riddler's
getting away oh no oh no
Lucius the Riddler's getting away we got
to get up to the top of Wayne Manor
quick alright Batman I'm right behind
you Oh Robin Robin what's going on man
what do you see dear either it's getting
away
look oh man he is really out there uh I
don't know man what are we gonna do well
Batman I have this bow and arrow you
might be able to get him oh that's
pretty far away handed over we'll try it
I mean he's like a what do you think a
thousand blocks
yes but it's better than letting go oh
my gosh all right I can barely even see
them all right so let's feel the wind
here it's going about five miles per
hour this way I think if I get it right
here line it up right that should no one
can stop me not even the bet man Bob oh
no oh my tushy my tushy oh my gosh how
did he get me from so far away oh yes I
got a Robin did you see that
great shot Batman that was great Wow
Batman I'm really impressed but uh I
still think he got away well he got away
but he is definitely gonna be left with
a nice little mark so there's no way
we're not gonna be able to identify him
if he changes into his normal clothes
whoa Batman that's a great idea yeah I
knew as soon as you told me how to flame
bow is up as long as I could get a nice
shot up and hopefully hit Oh then I will
definitely be able to recognize them if
I see them in person next time I just
don't know who the Riddler really is and
oh we're gonna have to repair that
Batcave oh yeah there is a lot of
repairing to do I guess I'll get on it
Batman I already know all those just
you're the saint of us all I really
appreciate it pal and Robin thanks for
the boat man I'm glad you made it all
safe that was a really close call and it
was really close but next time we'll
catch him yeah we will Robin yes we will
anyways guys I hope you enjoyed that
episode of Minecraft
Batman and Robin adventures we just saw
the Riddler who has been behind I don't
know if he's the wizard behind all this
pranks or if he's just someone else but
man he was so close to actually getting
us that time guys and lovey we survived
so if you guys want to catch up with us
tomorrow and see us hopefully hunt down
the Riddler
make sure to subscribe and check out the
channel make sure to check out YouTube
and go to the search bar type in
Minecraft Batman and Robin and we will
see you in the next episode see you guys